p2Answers.txt

1) The plaintext associated with the given cyphertext can be found in this folder
   at plaintext.jpg. 
   - The key used to encrypt the plaintext was "53.503563N,-113.528894W"

2) The first thing I did to determine the key was to create two databases of
   common file signatures. I used both https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_file_signatures
   and http://www.garykessler.net/software/index.html#filesigs. With wikipedia,
   I used an HTML parser to get the required information from the table and then
   I cleaned it up by hand, until it was in an easy to use format. As with Gary
   Kessler's site I downloaded a zip file of headers, and again cleaned it
   up until it was in a suitable state. After I aquired the necessary data, 
   I ran getKeys.py which took in one of my files with a file signature and applied
   a transformation that where given a ciphertext and a guessed plaintext a key
   was produced. I then threw out any keys that were not printable 32 < n <127.
   This gave me a partial key, that looked like a gps coordinate, with some guessing
   I put in an initial set of GPS coordinates and tried to decipher the text.

3) I did not use an automated method to determine if I had the right key or not
   because I was not decrypting a plaintext file and I could only, initially, get
   a partial key. That meant after I got the partial key, I had to look at the 
   partially decrypted plaintext and find a place with a readable partially
   decrypted plaintext and use that plaintext to finish getting the key. So, I
   could not automate this process because the key was too long given and I did
   not initially have enough information about the file structure to use patterns
   to help with my decryption.
4) I would still look try to decrypt a file signature, just this time I would
   look for a signature that matched zip, gzip, etc. Within the wikipedia page
   they hade zip/gzip file signatures so I would just use those instead. After I
   found the key, all that would remain would be for me to unpackage the file.

