p1Answers.txt

1)Tonight I can write the saddest lines.

Write, for example,'The night is shattered
and the blue stars shiver in the distance.'

The night wind revolves in the sky and sings.

Tonight I can write the saddest lines.
I loved her, and sometimes she loved me too.

Through nights like this one I held her in my arms
I kissed her again and again under the endless sky.

She loved me sometimes, and I loved her too.
How could one not have loved her great still eyes.

Tonight I can write the saddest lines.
To think that I do not have her. To feel that I have lost her.

To hear the immense night, still more immense without her.
And the verse falls to the soul like dew to the pasture.

What does it matter that my love could not keep her.
The night is shattered and she is not with me.

This is all. In the distance someone is singing. In the distance.
My soul is not satisfied that it has lost her.

My sight searches for her as though to go to her.
My heart looks for her, and she is not with me.

The same night whitening the same trees.
We, of that time, are no longer the same.

I no longer love her, that's certain, but how I loved her.
My voice tried to find the wind to touch her hearing.

Another's. She will be another's. Like my kisses before.
Her voide. Her bright body. Her inifinite eyes.

I no longer love her, that's certain, but maybe I love her.
Love is so short, forgetting is so long.

Because through nights like this one I held her in my arms
my sould is not satisfied that it has lost her.

Though this be the last pain that she makes me suffer
and these the last verses that I write for her. 
    - This fie can also be found at decrypted1.txt
    - The key was 0x50 0x2f 0x08 0x7c 0x5f 0x30 0x00



2) I first used the Friedman method for cracking Viginere Squares to determine 
   the most likely length of the key. The Friedman method relies on the idea that
   the plaintext we're decrypting has some sort of well known structure. In this
   case, because it is plaintext, we can assume it's written language and because the
   class is being taught in english, I also assumed the plaintext was in english.
   With these assumptions we can narrow down the search field and know that the
   english language has an index of coincidence of ~0.067. This means that I
   needed to split up the cipher text into chunks of varying sizes and calculate
   the IoC(index of coincidence) for each "chunk" of text. Then, I averaged out
   the IoC for all chunks of a given size. This then led me to the fact that the
   key length was 7. Now within each of these 7 chunks we know that the english
   language follows another common structure, such that E,T,A,O,I,N,S,R are the
   most common letters. So, I then used each of these letters as guesses at the
   plaintext and counted up how many times a hex key came up. For each section
   the most frequest hex key that was revealed from the guessing I set as key.

3) As explained in part 2, I automated the guessing of the key by counting up
   the frequencies of each key each chunk of the split cipher text. I then took
   the most frequent keys in each section and used those to reverse the Viginere.
   I do admin that I got a bit lucky, in that there were no key ties, otherwise
   I would have had to do a bit more work by hand.

4) I still don't know.
